Add intro page for off-ledger automation with Daml (#15362)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/daml-off-ledger.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2022 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

Write Off-Ledger Automation Using Daml
======================================

The Daml smart contract language is mostly meant to provide a way to define on-ledger logic, i.e.
code that defines how a transaction happens on ledger. The templates and choices defined with Daml

> are available to be used by off-ledger logic that interacts with the Ledger API. Usually this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are available to be used by off-ledger logic that interacts with the ledger API. Usually this
```

> code that defines how a transaction happens on ledger. The templates and choices defined with Daml
> are available to be used by off-ledger logic that interacts with the Ledger API. Usually this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code that defines how a transaction happens on ledger. Daml is not meant to be used as a general purpose language that can interact with your
file system or network; instead, the templates and choices defined with Daml
are available to be used by off-ledger logic that interacts with the Ledger API. Usually this
```

> off-ledger logic is wrote in general purpose language like Java or JavaScript and the codegen
> allows to interact with Daml types with minimal boilerplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
off-ledger logic is written in general-purpose language like Java or JavaScript and the codegen
allows to interact with Daml types with minimal boilerplate.
```
Allows what to interact with Daml types?

> ledger API. Usually this off-ledger logic is written in general-purpose language like Java or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ledger API. Usually this off-ledger logic is written in a general-purpose language like Java or
```

> JavaScript and the codegen allows to interact with models defined in Daml without boilerplate.

Author: @carrielaben-da I rephrased "interact with Daml types". Does this make more sense?

Reviewer: Yes, that makes sense.

> However, there are cases in which it would be nice to write your off-ledger logic in Daml. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are times when it would be nice to write your off-ledger logic in Daml. For
```

> However, there are cases in which it would be nice to write your off-ledger logic in Daml as well.
> While Daml is not meant to be used as a general purpose language that can interact with your
> file system or network, for relatively simple automations that don't require full access to your
> system's capabilities using Daml means that you don't have to map from your on-ledger Daml types
> and their representation on a separate off-ledger general purpose language (either through the
> codegen or by manipulating the Protobuf representation of Daml types directly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are cases in which it would be nice to write your off-ledger logic in Daml. For relatively simple automations that don't require full access to your
system's capabilities, using Daml means that you don't have to map from your on-ledger Daml types
and their representation on a separate off-ledger general purpose language (either through the
codegen or by manipulating the Protobuf representation of Daml types directly).
```

> There are two tools that allow to use Daml as an off-ledger language:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two tools that allow you to use Daml as an off-ledger language:
```

> - :doc:`Daml Script</daml-script/index>` allows to write automations that can be triggered
>   by any off-ledger condition, such as the availability of a file in a folder, a message
>   coming from a broker or simply a user interacting with the system directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`Daml Script</daml-script/index>` allows you to write automations that can be triggered
  by any off-ledger condition, such as the availability of a file in a folder, a message
  coming from a broker or a user interacting with the system directly.
```

> - :doc:`Daml Triggers</triggers/index>` allow a similar approach but by having automation
>   triggered by on-ledger events, such as the creation of a contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :doc:`Daml Triggers</triggers/index>` allow a similar approach but
  triggered by on-ledger events, such as the creation of a contract.
```

> In the way in which they interact with a traditional database system, Daml Scripts and Daml
> Triggers are analogous to SQL scripts and SQL triggers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In their interactions with a traditional database system Daml Scripts and Daml
Triggers are analogous to SQL scripts and SQL triggers.
```
